Mac and cheese (classic recipe)
Ingredients: Mozarella, Cheddar cheese
unsalted butter (60 g.)
regular flour (50 g.), milk (300 ml.)
macaroni (400 g.)
salt, pepper
Set some bowl on really low heat
melt all of the butter in there
then add the flour and stir until smooth paste
let this hang out for a minute
time to give our mac some boiling water! (slightly salted)
now back to our sauce!
add milk
stir until it thickens a bit
now to the spices! add as much as you need
stir really well until it thickens a bit more
IMPORTANT!
make sure you took your macaroni off the heat (and water) slightly undercooked!
the moment of truth... CHEESE! :)
Mozarella will give the sauce all its chewyness!
add as much as you have...really!
while cheddar will give all its flavor!
let the cheese sink in and turn off the heat. we are done here!
I couldn't cut this all off
let's just silently stare at all this...
food... :)
this is priceless IMO
Subscribe if you dare enough! :)
now put all this beauty to some baking dish
make the top look nice and flat
before OvENing it make some "glossy in the future" cheese coat
preheat the oven to 180C aaand bake until golden brown
Tuh-duuuuh!
thanks for watching! which stuff should I make next?
P.S. Nice to see you! :)